Docs: Add kebab case and single pane of glass to word list (#862)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/style-guide/word-list/index.md

<!--
## I
## J
-->

## K

### kebab case

> Use this to refer to the casing in which lower case words are connected by dashes or hyphens.

Reviewer: Is this really "casing"?  This is more to do with replacing spaces with dashes to "form a multi-word identifier".

Maybe a rephrase to something more like this?
```
Use this to refer to the naming convention where spaces between words are replaced with dashes to form a multi-word identifier.
```

> Use this to refer to the casing in which lower case words are connected by dashes or hyphens.

Author: ```suggestion
Use this to refer to the naming convention where spaces between lower case words are replaced with dashes.```
